# InlineResponse20122

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**host_email** | **str** | Email address of the meeting host. | [optional] 
**host_id** | **str** | ID of the user set as host of the webinar. | [optional] 
**id** | **int** | Webinar ID in **long** format (represented as int64 data type in JSON), also known as the webinar number. | [optional] 
**registrants_confirmation_email** | **bool** | Specify whether or not registrants of this webinar should receive confirmation emails. | [optional] 
**template_id** | **str** | Unique identifier of the webinar template. Use this field only if you would like to [schedule the webinar using an existing template](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115001079746-Webinar-Templates#schedule). The value of this field can be retrieved from [**List webinar templates**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/listWebinarTemplates) API. You must provide the user ID of the host instead of the email address in the &#x60;userId&#x60; path parameter in order to use a template for scheduling a Webinar. | [optional] 
**uuid** | **str** | Unique identifier of a webinar. Each webinar instance will generate its own UUID (for example, after a webinar ends, a new UUID will be generated for the next instance of the Webinar). Once a Webinar ends, the value of the UUID for the same webinar will be different from when it was scheduled. | [optional] 
**agenda** | **str** | Webinar agenda. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **datetime** | Create time. | [optional] 
**duration** | **int** | Webinar duration. | [optional] 
**join_url** | **str** | URL to join the webinar. Only share this URL with the users who should be invited to the Webinar. | [optional] 
**occurrences** | [**list[InlineResponse20122Occurrences]**](InlineResponse20122Occurrences.md) | Array of occurrence objects. | [optional] 
**password** | **str** | Webinar passcode.   If **Require a passcode when scheduling new meetings** setting has been **enabled** **and** [locked](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005269866-Using-Tiered-Settings#locked) for the user, the passcode field will be autogenerated for the Webinar in the response even if it is not provided in the API request.          **Note:** If the account owner or the admin has configured [minimum passcode requirement settings](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360033559832-Meeting-and-webinar-passwords#h_a427384b-e383-4f80-864d-794bf0a37604), the passcode value provided here must meet those requirements.         If the requirements are enabled, you can view those requirements by calling either the [**Get user settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/userSettings) API or the [**Get account settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/ma#operation/accountSettings) API. | [optional] 
**recurrence** | [**RecurrenceWebinar1**](RecurrenceWebinar1.md) |  | [optional] 
**settings** | [**InlineResponse20122Settings**](InlineResponse20122Settings.md) |  | [optional] 
**start_time** | **datetime** | Webinar start time in GMT/UTC. | [optional] 
**start_url** | **str** |     &amp;lt;aside&amp;gt;The &amp;lt;code&amp;gt;start_url&amp;lt;/code&amp;gt; of a Webinar is a URL using which a host or an alternative host can start the webinar. This URL should only be used by the host of the meeting and should not be shared with anyone other than the host of the Webinar.   The expiration time for the &amp;lt;code&amp;gt;start_url&amp;lt;/code&amp;gt; field listed in the response of the [**Create a webinar**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/webinarCreate) API is two hours for all regular users.    For users created using the &amp;lt;code&amp;gt;custCreate&amp;lt;/code&amp;gt; option via the [**Create users**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/userCreate) API, the expiration time of the &amp;lt;code&amp;gt;start_url&amp;lt;/code&amp;gt; field is 90 days.   For security reasons, to retrieve the latest value for the &amp;lt;code&amp;gt;start_url&amp;lt;/code&amp;gt; field programmatically (after expiry), you must call the [**Get a webinar**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/webinar) API and refer to the value of the &amp;lt;code&amp;gt;start_url&amp;lt;/code&amp;gt; field in the response.&amp;lt;/aside&amp;gt;             | [optional] 
**timezone** | **str** | Time zone to format start_time. | [optional] 
**topic** | **str** | Webinar topic. | [optional] 
**tracking_fields** | [**list[InlineResponse20122TrackingFields]**](InlineResponse20122TrackingFields.md) | Tracking fields | [optional] 
**type** | **int** | Webinar Types:    &#x60;5&#x60; - Webinar.    &#x60;6&#x60; - Recurring webinar with no fixed time.    &#x60;9&#x60; - Recurring webinar with a fixed time. | [optional] [default to TypeEnum._5]
**is_simulive** | **bool** | Whether the webinar is &#x60;simulive&#x60;. | [optional] 
**record_file_id** | **str** | The previously recorded file&#x27;s ID for &#x60;simulive&#x60;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

