# InlineResponse2002InMeeting

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**auto_generated_translation** | [**InlineResponse2002InMeetingAutoGeneratedTranslation**](InlineResponse2002InMeetingAutoGeneratedTranslation.md) |  | [optional] 
**alert_guest_join** | **bool** | Identify guest participants in a meeting or webinar. | [optional] 
**allow_host_to_enable_focus_mode** | **bool** | Whether the host can enable [**Focus Mode**](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061113751-Using-focus-mode) when scheduling a meeting. | [optional] 
**allow_live_streaming** | **bool** | Whether to allow livestreaming. | [optional] 
**allow_participants_chat_with** | **int** | Whether to allow participants to only chat with certain groups. * &#x60;1&#x60; - The participant cannot use chat. * &#x60;2&#x60; - Host and co-hosts only.  * &#x60;3&#x60; - The participant can chat with other participants publicly. * &#x60;4&#x60; - The participant can chat with other participants publicly and privately.  **Note:** This setting is only available with client versions 5.7.3 and above. | [optional] 
**allow_participants_to_rename** | **bool** | If the value of this field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, meeting participants and webinar panelists can be allowed to rename themselves during a meeting or a webinar.  | [optional] 
**allow_show_zoom_windows** | **bool** | Show the Zoom desktop application when sharing screens.  | [optional] 
**allow_users_save_chats** | **int** | Whether to allow participants to save meeting chats. * &#x60;1&#x60; - Participants cannot save meeting chats. * &#x60;2&#x60; - Participants can only save host and co-host meeting chats. * &#x60;3&#x60; - Participants can save all meeting chats. | [optional] 
**annotation** | **bool** | Allow participants to use annotation tools to add information to shared screens. | [optional] 
**anonymous_question_answer** | **bool** | Allow an anonymous Q&amp;amp;A in a webinar. | [optional] 
**attendee_on_hold** | **bool** | Allow host to put attendee on hold.  **This field has been deprecated and is no longer supported.** | [optional] [default to False]
**attention_mode_focus_mode** | **bool** | Whether to enable [**Focus Mode**](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061113751-Using-focus-mode). When enabled, this feature only displays the host and co-hosts&#x27; video and profile pictures during a meeting.    This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**auto_answer** | **bool** | Enable users to see and add contacts to the &#x60;auto-answer group&#x60; in the chat contact list. Any call from members of this group will automatically be answered. | [optional] 
**auto_saving_chat** | **bool** | Automatically save all in-meeting chats so that the host does not need to manually save the chat transcript after the meeting starts. | [optional] 
**breakout_room** | **bool** | Allow host to split meeting participants into separate, smaller rooms. | [optional] 
**breakout_room_schedule** | **bool** | Whether the host can assign participants to breakout rooms when scheduling. This feature is **only** available in version 4.5.0 or higher. | [optional] 
**chat** | **bool** | Allow meeting participants to send a message that is visible to all participants. | [optional] 
**meeting_question_answer** | **bool** | Allow participants to ask questions for the host and participants to answer. | [optional] 
**closed_caption** | **bool** | Allow a host to type closed captions. Enable a host to assign a participant or third party device to add closed captions.  | [optional] 
**closed_captioning** | [**InlineResponse2002InMeetingClosedCaptioning**](InlineResponse2002InMeetingClosedCaptioning.md) |  | [optional] 
**co_host** | **bool** | Allow the host to add co-hosts. | [optional] 
**custom_data_center_regions** | **bool** | If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, account owners and admins on paid accounts can [select data center regions](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360042411451-Selecting-data-center-regions-for-hosted-meetings-and-webinars) to use for hosting their real-time meeting and webinar traffic. These regions can be provided in the &#x60;data_center_regions&#x60; field. If set to &#x60;false&#x60;, the regions cannot be customized and the default regions will be used. | [optional] 
**custom_live_streaming_service** | **bool** | Whether to allow custom livestreaming. | [optional] 
**custom_service_instructions** | **str** | The specific instructions to configure a custom livestream. | [optional] 
**meeting_data_transit_and_residency_method** | **str** | Select meeting data transit and residency method for meeting hosts and participants.    &#x60;cloud&#x60; - Zoom Cloud.    &#x60;On-Prem&#x60; - On-Prem (Zoom Meeting Connector, only applicable for licensed users). | [optional] 
**data_center_regions** | **list[str]** | If the value of &#x60;custom_data_center_regions&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;, a comma-separated list of the following [data center regions](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360059254691-Datacenter-abbreviation-list) to opt in to.  * &#x60;AU&#x60; - Australia. * &#x60;LA&#x60; - Latin America.  * &#x60;CA&#x60; - Canada.  * &#x60;CN&#x60; - China.  * &#x60;DE&#x60; - Germany.  * &#x60;HK&#x60; - Hong Kong SAR.  * &#x60;IN&#x60; - India.  * &#x60;IE&#x60; - Ireland.  * &#x60;TY&#x60; - Japan.  * &#x60;MX&#x60; - Mexico.  * &#x60;NL&#x60; - Netherlands.  * &#x60;SG&#x60; - Singapore.  * &#x60;US&#x60; - United States. | [optional] 
**disable_screen_sharing_for_host_meetings** | **bool** | Whether to enable the **Disable desktop screen sharing for meetings you host** setting. | [optional] 
**disable_screen_sharing_for_in_meeting_guests** | **bool** | Whether to enable the **Disable screen sharing when guests are in the meeting** setting. | [optional] 
**dscp_audio** | **int** | DSCP audio. | [optional] 
**dscp_marking** | **bool** | DSCP marking. | [optional] 
**dscp_video** | **int** | DSCP video. | [optional] 
**dscp_dual** | **bool** | Whether to use the differentiated services code point classifiers (&#x27;dscp_video&#x27;, &#x27;dscp_audio&#x27;) in the dual way (incoming and outgoing). | [optional] 
**e2e_encryption** | **bool** | Zoom requires encryption for all data between the Zoom cloud, Zoom client, and Zoom Room. Require encryption for 3rd party endpoints (H323/SIP). | [optional] 
**entry_exit_chime** | **str** | Play sound when participants join or leave.    &#x60;host&#x60; - Heard by host only.    &#x60;all&#x60; - Heard by host and all attendees.    &#x60;none&#x60; - Disable. | [optional] 
**far_end_camera_control** | **bool** | Allow another user to take control of your camera during a meeting. | [optional] 
**feedback** | **bool** | Add a **Feedback** tab to the Windows Settings or Mac Preferences dialog. Enable users to provide feedback to Zoom at the end of the meeting. | [optional] 
**file_transfer** | **bool** | Indicates whether [in-meeting file transfer](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/209605493-In-meeting-file-transfer) setting has been enabled on the account or not. | [optional] 
**group_hd** | **bool** | Activate higher quality video for host and participants in Meeting. Please note: This will use more bandwidth. | [optional] 
**webinar_group_hd** | **bool** | Activate higher quality video for host and participants in Webinar. Please note: This will use more bandwidth. | [optional] 
**join_from_desktop** | **bool** | Whether to allow participants to join a meeting directly from their desktop browser. Note that the meeting experience from the desktop browser is limited. | [optional] 
**join_from_mobile** | **bool** | Whether to allow participants to join a meeting directly from their mobile browser. Note that the meeting experience from the mobile browser is limited. | [optional] 
**language_interpretation** | [**InlineResponse2002InMeetingLanguageInterpretation**](InlineResponse2002InMeetingLanguageInterpretation.md) |  | [optional] 
**sign_language_interpretation** | [**UserInMeetingSettingsSignLanguageInterpretation**](UserInMeetingSettingsSignLanguageInterpretation.md) |  | [optional] 
**live_streaming_facebook** | **bool** | Whether to allow Facebook livestreaming. | [optional] 
**live_streaming_youtube** | **bool** | Whether to allow YouTube livestreaming. | [optional] 
**manual_captioning** | [**AccountsaccountIdsettingsInMeetingManualCaptioning**](AccountsaccountIdsettingsInMeetingManualCaptioning.md) |  | [optional] 
**meeting_polling** | [**InlineResponse2002InMeetingMeetingPolling**](InlineResponse2002InMeetingMeetingPolling.md) |  | [optional] 
**meeting_reactions** | **bool** | Whether meeting participants can [communicate using the emoji reactions](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115001286183-Nonverbal-feedback-and-meeting-reactions) located in the **Reactions** menu in the meeting toolbar. | [optional] 
**meeting_reactions_emojis** | **str** | Choose from these meeting reaction options. * &#x60;all&#x60; - All emojis: Allow meeting participants to use any emoji available in Zoom chat as a reaction in a meeting. * &#x60;selected&#x60; - Selected emojis: Allow meeting participants to use the 6 standard meeting reaction emojis: Clapping Hands, Thumbs Up, Heart, Tears of Joy, Open Mouth, Party Popper (Tada, Celebration). | [optional] 
**allow_host_panelists_to_use_audible_clap** | **bool** | Whether to allow host and panelist to use audible clap. | [optional] 
**webinar_reactions** | **bool** | Set this field to true to use [webinar reactions](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/4803536268429). | [optional] 
**meeting_survey** | **bool** | Whether to allow the host to present a survey to participants once a meeting has ended. This feature is only available in version 5.7.3 or higher. | [optional] 
**original_audio** | **bool** | Allow users to select original sound in their client settings. | [optional] 
**p2p_connetion** | **bool** | Peer to peer connection while only two people are in a meeting. | [optional] 
**p2p_ports** | **bool** | Peer to peer listening ports range. | [optional] 
**polling** | **bool** | Add **Polls** to the meeting controls. | [optional] 
**ports_range** | **str** | The listening ports range, separated by a comma, such as &#x60;55,56&#x60;. The ports range must be between 1 to 65535. | [optional] [default to '']
**post_meeting_feedback** | **bool** | Display a thumbs up or down survey at the end of each meeting. | [optional] 
**private_chat** | **bool** | Allow a meeting participant to send a private message to another participant. | [optional] 
**record_play_own_voice** | **bool** | Record and play their own voice. | [optional] 
**remote_control** | **bool** | Allow users to request remote control. | [optional] 
**non_verbal_feedback** | **bool** | Whether to enable the [**Non-verbal feedback**](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115001286183-Nonverbal-feedback-and-meeting-reactions-) setting.  This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**remote_support** | **bool** | Whether to enable the [**Remote support**](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360060951012-Enabling-remote-support) setting. This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**request_permission_to_unmute_participants** | **bool** | Whether to enable the [**Request permission to unmute participants**](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203435537-Muting-and-unmuting-participants-in-a-meeting) setting. | [optional] 
**screen_sharing** | **bool** | Allow screen sharing. | [optional] 
**sending_default_email_invites** | **bool** | Only show the default email when sending email invites. | [optional] 
**show_a_join_from_your_browser_link** | **bool** | Whether to allow participants to join a meeting directly from their browser and bypass the Zoom application download process. This is useful for participants who cannot download, install, or run applications. Note that the meeting experience from the browser is limited. | [optional] 
**show_meeting_control_toolbar** | **bool** | Always show the meeting control toolbar. | [optional] 
**slide_control** | **bool** | Whether the person sharing during a presentation can allow others to control the slide presentation. This feature is only available in version 5.8.3 or higher. | [optional] 
**stereo_audio** | **bool** | Allow users to select stereo audio in their client settings. | [optional] 
**unchecked_data_center_regions** | **list[str]** | If the value of &#x60;custom_data_center_regions&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;, a comma-separated list of the following [data center regions](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360059254691-Datacenter-abbreviation-list) to **not** opt in to.  * &#x60;EU&#x60; - Europe.  * &#x60;HK&#x60; - Hong Kong.  * &#x60;AU&#x60; - Australia.  * &#x60;IN&#x60; - India.  * &#x60;LA&#x60; - Latin America.  * &#x60;TY&#x60; - Tokyo.  * &#x60;CN&#x60; - China.  * &#x60;US&#x60; - United States.  * &#x60;CA&#x60; - Canada. | [optional] 
**use_html_format_email** | **bool** | Use HTML formatted email for the Outlook plugin. | [optional] 
**virtual_background** | **bool** | Allow users to replace their background with any selected image. Choose or upload an image in the Zoom desktop application settings. | [optional] 
**virtual_background_settings** | [**InlineResponse2002InMeetingVirtualBackgroundSettings**](InlineResponse2002InMeetingVirtualBackgroundSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**watermark** | **bool** | Add a watermark when viewing a shared screen. | [optional] 
**webinar_chat** | [**InlineResponse2002InMeetingWebinarChat**](InlineResponse2002InMeetingWebinarChat.md) |  | [optional] 
**webinar_live_streaming** | [**InlineResponse2002InMeetingWebinarLiveStreaming**](InlineResponse2002InMeetingWebinarLiveStreaming.md) |  | [optional] 
**webinar_polling** | [**InlineResponse2002InMeetingWebinarPolling**](InlineResponse2002InMeetingWebinarPolling.md) |  | [optional] 
**webinar_question_answer** | **bool** | Whether attendees can ask the host and panelists questions in the webinar. | [optional] 
**webinar_survey** | **bool** | Whether to allow the host to present surveys to attendees once a webinar has ended. | [optional] 
**whiteboard** | **bool** | Allow participants to share a whiteboard that includes annotation tools. | [optional] 
**who_can_share_screen** | **str** | Indicates who can share their screen or content during meetings. The value can be one of the following:      &#x60;host&#x60;: Only host can share the screen.     &#x60;all&#x60;: Both hosts and attendees can share their screen during meetings. For Webinar, the hosts and panelists can start screen sharing, but not the attendees.  | [optional] 
**who_can_share_screen_when_someone_is_sharing** | **str** | Indicates who is allowed to start sharing screen when someone else in the meeting is sharing their screen. The value can be one of the following:     &#x60;host&#x60;: Only a host can share the screen when someone else is sharing.     &#x60;all&#x60;: Anyone in the meeting is allowed to start sharing their screen when someone else is sharing. For Webinar, the hosts and panelists can start screen sharing, but not the attendees.  | [optional] 
**participants_share_simultaneously** | **str** | Indicates how many participants can share at the same time. The value can be one of the following:     &#x60;one&#x60;: Only one participant can share at a time .     &#x60;multiple&#x60;: Multiple participants can share simultaneously (dual monitors recommended) . For Webinar, the hosts and panelists can start screen sharing, but not the attendees.  | [optional] 
**workplace_by_facebook** | **bool** | Whether to allow Workplace by Facebook livestreaming. | [optional] 
**transfer_meetings_between_devices** | **bool** | Users can move to a new device without leaving the meeting they&#x27;re in. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

