# MeetingsmeetingIdpollsQuestions

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**answer_max_character** | **int** | The allowed maximum number of characters. This field only applies to &#x60;short_answer&#x60; and &#x60;long_answer&#x60; polls:  * For &#x60;short_answer&#x60; polls, a maximum of 500 characters.  * For &#x60;long_answer&#x60; polls, a maximum of 2,000 characters. | [optional] 
**answer_min_character** | **int** | The allowed minimum number of characters. This field only applies to &#x60;short_answer&#x60; and &#x60;long_answer&#x60; polls. You must provide at least a **one** character minimum value. | [optional] 
**answer_required** | **bool** | Whether participants must answer the question:  * &#x60;true&#x60; &amp;mdash; The participant must answer the question.  * &#x60;false&#x60; &amp;mdash; The participant does not need to answer the question.   **Note:**  * When the poll&#x27;s &#x60;type&#x60; value is &#x60;1&#x60; (Poll), this value defaults to &#x60;true&#x60;.  * When the poll&#x27;s &#x60;type&#x60; value is the &#x60;2&#x60; (Advanced Poll) or &#x60;3&#x60; (Quiz) values, this value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**answers** | **list[str]** | The poll question&#x27;s available answers. This field requires a **minimum** of two answers.   * For &#x60;single&#x60; and &#x60;multiple&#x60; polls, you can only provide a maximum of 10 answers.  * For &#x60;matching&#x60; polls, you can only provide a maximum of 16 answers.  * For &#x60;rank_order&#x60; polls, you can only provide a maximum of seven answers. | [optional] 
**case_sensitive** | **bool** | Whether the correct answer is case sensitive. This field only applies to &#x60;fill_in_the_blank&#x60; polls:  * &#x60;true&#x60; &amp;mdash; The answer is case-sensitive.  * &#x60;false&#x60; &amp;mdash; The answer is not case-sensitive.   This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**name** | **str** | The poll question, up to 255 characters.   For &#x60;fill_in_the_blank&#x60; polls, this field is the poll&#x27;s question. For each value that the user must fill in, ensure that there are the same number of &#x60;right_answers&#x60; values. | [optional] 
**prompts** | [**list[MeetingsmeetingIdbatchPollsPrompts]**](MeetingsmeetingIdbatchPollsPrompts.md) | Information about the prompt questions. This field only applies to &#x60;matching&#x60; and &#x60;rank_order&#x60; polls. You **must** provide a minimum of two prompts, up to a maximum of 10 prompts. | [optional] 
**rating_max_label** | **str** | The high score label used for the &#x60;rating_max_value&#x60; field.   This field only applies to the &#x60;rating_scale&#x60; poll. | [optional] 
**rating_max_value** | **int** | The rating scale&#x27;s maximum value, up to a maximum value of 10.   This field only applies to the &#x60;rating_scale&#x60; poll. | [optional] 
**rating_min_label** | **str** | The low score label used for the &#x60;rating_min_value&#x60; field.   This field only applies to the &#x60;rating_scale&#x60; poll. | [optional] 
**rating_min_value** | **int** | The rating scale&#x27;s minimum value. This value cannot be less than zero.   This field only applies to the &#x60;rating_scale&#x60; poll. | [optional] 
**right_answers** | **list[str]** | The poll question&#x27;s correct answer(s). This field is **required** if the poll&#x27;s &#x60;type&#x60; value is &#x60;3&#x60; (Quiz).    For &#x60;single&#x60; and &#x60;matching&#x60; polls, this field only accepts one answer. | [optional] 
**show_as_dropdown** | **bool** | Whether to display the radio selection as a drop-down box:  * &#x60;true&#x60; &amp;mdash; Show as a drop-down box.  * &#x60;false&#x60; &amp;mdash; Do not show as a drop-down box.   This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**type** | **str** | The poll&#x27;s question and answer type:  * &#x60;single&#x60; &amp;mdash; Single choice.  * &#x60;multiple&#x60; &amp;mdash; Multiple choice.  * &#x60;matching&#x60; &amp;mdash; Matching.  * &#x60;rank_order&#x60; &amp;mdash; Rank order.  * &#x60;short_answer&#x60; &amp;mdash; Short answer.  * &#x60;long_answer&#x60; &amp;mdash; Long answer.  * &#x60;fill_in_the_blank&#x60; &amp;mdash; Fill in the blank.  * &#x60;rating_scale&#x60; &amp;mdash; Rating scale. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

