# UpdateAUser

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cms_user_id** | **str** | The Kaltura user ID. | [optional] 
**company** | **str** | The user&#x27;s company. | [optional] 
**custom_attributes** | [**list[UsersuserIdCustomAttributes]**](UsersuserIdCustomAttributes.md) | The user&#x27;s assigned custom attributes. | [optional] 
**dept** | **str** | The user&#x27;s assigned department. | [optional] 
**first_name** | **str** | The user&#x27;s first name. This value cannot contain more than five Chinese characters. | [optional] 
**group_id** | **str** | Provide the unique identifier of the group that you would like to add a [pending user](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201363183-Managing-users#h_13c87a2a-ecd6-40ad-be61-a9935e660edb) to. Retrieve the value of this field from the [**List groups**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/groups) API. | [optional] 
**host_key** | **str** | The user&#x27;s host key. | [optional] 
**job_title** | **str** | The user&#x27;s job title. | [optional] 
**language** | **str** | The user&#x27;s language. | [optional] 
**last_name** | **str** | The user&#x27;s last name. This value cannot contain more than five Chinese characters. | [optional] 
**location** | **str** | The user&#x27;s location. | [optional] 
**manager** | **str** | The user&#x27;s assigned manager. | [optional] 
**phone_country** | **str** | **Note** This field has been **deprecated** and will not be supported in the future. Use the &#x60;country&#x60; field of the &#x60;phone_numbers&#x60; object to select the phone number country.   The user&#x27;s phone number [country ID](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/other-references/abbreviation-lists#countries). | [optional] 
**phone_number** | **str** | **Note** This field has been **deprecated** and will not be supported in the future. Instead, use the &#x60;phone_numbers&#x60; field to assign phone numbers to a user.   The user&#x27;s phone number. To update a phone number, you must also provide the &#x60;phone_country&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**phone_numbers** | [**list[UsersuserIdPhoneNumbers]**](UsersuserIdPhoneNumbers.md) | Information about the user&#x27;s assigned phone numbers. | [optional] 
**pmi** | **int** | The user&#x27;s [personal meeting ID (PMI)](https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/rest/using-zoom-apis/#understanding-personal-meeting-id-pmi). | [optional] 
**pronouns** | **str** | The user&#x27;s pronouns. | [optional] 
**pronouns_option** | **int** | The user&#x27;s display pronouns setting.  * &#x60;1&#x60; - Ask the user every time they join meetings and webinars.  * &#x60;2&#x60; - Always display pronouns in meetings and webinars.  * &#x60;3&#x60; - Do not display pronouns in meetings and webinars. | [optional] 
**timezone** | **str** | The user&#x27;s [timezone](https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/rest/other-references/abbreviation-lists/#timezones) | [optional] 
**type** | **int** | The type of [user](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201363173-Zoom-user-types-roles).  * &#x60;1&#x60; - Basic.  * &#x60;2&#x60; - Licensed.  * &#x60;4&#x60; - No Meetings License.  * &#x60;99&#x60; - None. You can only set this value if the user was created using the &#x60;ssoCreate&#x60; value for &#x60;action&#x60; parameter in the [**Create users**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/userCreate) API. | [optional] 
**use_pmi** | **bool** | Whether to use a [personal meeting ID (PMI)](https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/rest/using-zoom-apis/#understanding-personal-meeting-id-pmi) for instant meetings. | [optional] [default to False]
**vanity_name** | **str** | The user&#x27;s personal meeting room name. | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | The user&#x27;s display name. This value cannot contain more than ten Chinese characters. | [optional] 
**zoom_one_type** | **int** | The Zoom One plan option.   &#x60;0&#x60; - Turn off Zoom One license.    &#x60;16&#x60; - Zoom One Business Plus with US/CA Unlimited.    &#x60;32&#x60; - Zoom One Business Plus with UK/IR Unlimited.    &#x60;64&#x60; - Zoom One Business Plus with AU/NZ Unlimited.    &#x60;128&#x60; - Zoom One Business Plus with Japan Unlimited.    &#x60;33554432&#x60; - Zoom One Business Plus with Global Select.    &#x60;134217728&#x60; - Zoom One Enterprise Premier with US/CA Unlimited.    &#x60;1073741824&#x60; - Zoom One Enterprise Premier with AU/NZ Unlimited.    &#x60;536870912&#x60; - Zoom One Enterprise Premier with UK/IR Unlimited.    &#x60;268435456&#x60; - Zoom One Enterprise Premier with Japan Unlimited.     The Zoom One plan option for Gov accounts:    &#x60;0&#x60; - Turn off Zoom One license.    &#x60;16&#x60; - Zoom One Business Plus.     The Zoom One plan option for Education accounts:    &#x60;0&#x60; - Turn off Zoom One license.    &#x60;18014398509481984&#x60; - Zoom One for Education School and Campus.    &#x60;72057594037927936&#x60; - Zoom One for Education Enterprise Essentials.    &#x60;576460752303423488&#x60; - Zoom One for Education Enterprise Student.    &#x60;144115188075855872&#x60; - Zoom One for Education Enterprise Plus.    &#x60;137438953472&#x60; - Zoom One for Education School and Campus Plus with US/CA Unlimited.    &#x60;1099511627776&#x60; -Zoom One for Education School and Campus Plus with AU/NZ Unlimited.    &#x60;549755813888&#x60; - Zoom One for Education School and Campus Plus with UK/IR Unlimited.    &#x60;274877906944&#x60; - Zoom One for Education School and Campus Plus with Japan Unlimited.    &#x60;2199023255552&#x60; - Zoom One for Education School and Campus Plus with Global Select.    &#x60;4294967296&#x60; - Zoom One for Education Enterprise Premier with US/CA Unlimited.    &#x60;34359738368&#x60; - Zoom One for Education Enterprise Premier with AU/NZ Unlimited.    &#x60;17179869184&#x60; -Zoom One for Education Enterprise Premier with UK/IR Unlimited.    &#x60;8589934592&#x60; - Zoom One for Education Enterprise Premier with with Japan Unlimited.    &#x60;68719476736&#x60; - Zoom One for Education Enterprise Premier with Global Select. | [optional] 
**plan_united_type** | **str** | The Zoom United type and license.  * &#x60;1&#x60; - Zoom United Pro-United with US/CA Unlimited.  * &#x60;2&#x60; - Zoom United Pro-United with UK/IR Unlimited.  * &#x60;4&#x60; - Zoom United Pro-United with AU/NZ Unlimited.  * &#x60;8&#x60; - Zoom United Pro-United with Global Select.  * &#x60;16&#x60; - Zoom United Pro-United with Zoom Phone Pro.  * &#x60;32&#x60; - Zoom United Biz-United with US/CA Unlimited.  * &#x60;64&#x60; - Zoom United Biz-United with UK/IR Unlimited.  * &#x60;128&#x60; - Zoom United Biz-United with AU/NZ Unlimited.  * &#x60;256&#x60; - Zoom United Biz-United with Global Select.  * &#x60;512&#x60; - Zoom United Biz-United with Zoom Phone Pro.  * &#x60;1024&#x60; - Zoom United Ent-United with US/CA Unlimited.  * &#x60;2048&#x60; - Zoom United Ent-United with UK/IR Unlimited.  * &#x60;4096&#x60; - Zoom United Ent-United with AU/NZ Unlimited.  * &#x60;8192&#x60; - Zoom United Ent-United with Global Select.  * &#x60;16384&#x60; - Zoom United Ent-United with Zoom Phone Pro.  * &#x60;32768&#x60; - Zoom United Pro-United with JP Unlimited.  * &#x60;65536&#x60; - Zoom United Biz-United with JP Unlimited.  * &#x60;131072&#x60; - Zoom United Ent-United with JP Unlimited.  * &#x60;none&#x60; - Turn off Zoom United type. | [optional] 
**feature** | [**UsersuserIdFeature**](UsersuserIdFeature.md) |  | [optional] 
**about_me** | **str** | The user&#x27;s self-introduction. Hyperlinks or HTML code not allowed in this field. | [optional] 
**linkedin_url** | **str** | The user&#x27;s LinkedIn link. The URL must contain &#x60;linkedin.com&#x60;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

