# UserIdMeetingsBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**agenda** | **str** | The meeting&#x27;s agenda. This value has a maximum length of 2,000 characters. | [optional] 
**default_password** | **bool** | Whether to generate a default passcode using the user&#x27;s settings. This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;.   If this value is &#x60;true&#x60; and the user has the PMI setting enabled with a passcode, then the user&#x27;s meetings will use the PMI passcode. It will **not** use a default passcode. | [optional] [default to False]
**duration** | **int** | The meeting&#x27;s scheduled duration, in minutes. This field is only used for scheduled meetings (&#x60;2&#x60;). | [optional] 
**password** | **str** | The passcode required to join the meeting. By default, a passcode can **only** have a maximum length of 10 characters and only contain alphanumeric characters and the &#x60;@&#x60;, &#x60;-&#x60;, &#x60;_&#x60;, and &#x60;*&#x60; characters.  * If the account owner or administrator has configured [minimum passcode requirement settings](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360033559832-Meeting-and-webinar-passwords#h_a427384b-e383-4f80-864d-794bf0a37604), the passcode **must** meet those requirements.  * If passcode requirements are enabled, use the [**Get user settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/userSettings) API or the [**Get account settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/ma#operation/accountSettings) API to get the requirements. | [optional] 
**pre_schedule** | **bool** | Whether to create a prescheduled meeting via the [GSuite app](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360020187492-Zoom-for-GSuite-add-on). This **only** supports the meeting &#x60;type&#x60; value of &#x60;2&#x60; (scheduled meetings) and &#x60;3&#x60; (recurring meetings with no fixed time).  * &#x60;true&#x60; - Create a prescheduled meeting.  * &#x60;false&#x60; - Create a regular meeting. | [optional] [default to False]
**recurrence** | [**UsersuserIdmeetingsRecurrence**](UsersuserIdmeetingsRecurrence.md) |  | [optional] 
**schedule_for** | **str** | The email address or user ID of the user to schedule a meeting for. | [optional] 
**settings** | [**UsersuserIdmeetingsSettings**](UsersuserIdmeetingsSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**start_time** | **datetime** | The meeting&#x27;s start time. This field is only used for scheduled or recurring meetings with a fixed time. This supports local time and GMT formats.  * To set a meeting&#x27;s start time in GMT, use the &#x60;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ&#x60; date-time format. For example, &#x60;2020-03-31T12:02:00Z&#x60;.  * To set a meeting&#x27;s start time using a specific timezone, use the &#x60;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss&#x60; date-time format and specify the [timezone ID](/docs/api/rest/other-references/abbreviation-lists/#timezones) in the &#x60;timezone&#x60; field. If you do not specify a timezone, the &#x60;timezone&#x60; value defaults to your Zoom account&#x27;s timezone. You can also use &#x60;UTC&#x60; for the &#x60;timezone&#x60; value. | [optional] 
**template_id** | **str** | The account admin meeting template ID used to schedule a meeting using a [meeting template](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360036559151-Meeting-templates). For a list of account admin-provided meeting templates, use the [**List meeting templates**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/listMeetingTemplates) API.  * At this time, this field **only** accepts account admin meeting template IDs.  * To enable the account admin meeting templates feature, [contact Zoom support](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us). | [optional] 
**timezone** | **str** | The timezone to assign to the &#x60;start_time&#x60; value. This field is only used for scheduled or recurring meetings with a fixed time.  For a list of supported timezones and their formats, see our [timezone list](/docs/api/rest/other-references/abbreviation-lists/#timezones). | [optional] 
**topic** | **str** | The meeting&#x27;s topic. | [optional] 
**tracking_fields** | [**list[UsersuserIdmeetingsTrackingFields]**](UsersuserIdmeetingsTrackingFields.md) | Information about the meeting&#x27;s tracking fields. | [optional] 
**type** | **int** | The type of meeting. * &#x60;1&#x60; - An instant meeting.  * &#x60;2&#x60; - A scheduled meeting.  * &#x60;3&#x60; - A recurring meeting with no fixed time.  * &#x60;8&#x60; - A recurring meeting with fixed time. | [optional] [default to TypeEnum._2]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

