# UsersuserIdmeetingsSettings

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additional_data_center_regions** | **list[str]** | Add additional meeting [data center regions](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360042411451-Selecting-data-center-regions-for-hosted-meetings-and-webinars). Provide this value as an array of [country codes](/docs/api/rest/other-references/abbreviation-lists/#countries) for the countries available as data center regions in the [**Account Profile**](https://zoom.us/account/setting) interface but have been opted out of in the [user settings](https://zoom.us/profile).  For example, the data center regions selected in your [**Account Profile**](https://zoom.us/account) are &#x60;Europe&#x60;, &#x60;Hong Kong SAR&#x60;, &#x60;Australia&#x60;, &#x60;India&#x60;, &#x60;Japan&#x60;, &#x60;China&#x60;, &#x60;United States&#x60;, and &#x60;Canada&#x60;. However, in the [**My Profile**](https://zoom.us/profile) settings, you did **not** select &#x60;India&#x60; and &#x60;Japan&#x60; for meeting and webinar traffic routing.  To include &#x60;India&#x60; and &#x60;Japan&#x60; as additional data centers, use the &#x60;[IN, TY]&#x60; value for this field. | [optional] 
**allow_multiple_devices** | **bool** | Whether to allow attendees to join a meeting from multiple devices. This setting is only applied to meetings with registration enabled. | [optional] 
**alternative_hosts** | **str** | A semicolon-separated list of the meeting&#x27;s alternative hosts&#x27; email addresses or IDs. | [optional] 
**alternative_hosts_email_notification** | **bool** | Whether to send email notifications to alternative hosts. This value defaults to &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to True]
**approval_type** | **int** | Enable meeting registration approval. * &#x60;0&#x60; - Automatically approve registration. * &#x60;1&#x60; - Manually approve registration. * &#x60;2&#x60; - No registration required.  This value defaults to &#x60;2&#x60;. | [optional] [default to Approval_typeEnum._2]
**approved_or_denied_countries_or_regions** | [**UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsApprovedOrDeniedCountriesOrRegions**](UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsApprovedOrDeniedCountriesOrRegions.md) |  | [optional] 
**audio** | **str** | How participants join the audio portion of the meeting. * &#x60;both&#x60; - Both telephony and VoIP.  * &#x60;telephony&#x60; - Telephony only.  * &#x60;voip&#x60; - VoIP only.  * &#x60;thirdParty&#x60; - Third party audio conference. | [optional] [default to 'both']
**audio_conference_info** | **str** | Third party audio conference info. | [optional] 
**authentication_domains** | **str** | The meeting&#x27;s authenticated domains. Only Zoom users whose email address contains an authenticated domain can join the meeting. Comma-separate multiple domains or use a wildcard for listing domains. | [optional] 
**authentication_exception** | [**list[UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsAuthenticationException]**](UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsAuthenticationException.md) | A list of participants that can bypass meeting authentication. These participants will receive a unique meeting invite. | [optional] 
**authentication_option** | **str** | If the &#x60;meeting_authentication&#x60; value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the type of authentication required for users to join a meeting.  To get this value, use the &#x60;authentication_options&#x60; array&#x27;s &#x60;id&#x60; value in the [**Get user settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/userSettings) API response. | [optional] 
**auto_recording** | **str** | The automatic recording settings.  * &#x60;local&#x60; - Record the meeting locally.  * &#x60;cloud&#x60; - Record the meeting to the cloud.  * &#x60;none&#x60; - Auto-recording disabled.  This value defaults to &#x60;none&#x60;. | [optional] [default to 'none']
**breakout_room** | [**UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsBreakoutRoom**](UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsBreakoutRoom.md) |  | [optional] 
**calendar_type** | **int** | Indicates the type of calendar integration used to schedule the meeting. * &#x60;1&#x60; - [Zoom Outlook add-in](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360031592971-Getting-started-with-Outlook-plugin-and-add-in)  * &#x60;2&#x60; - [Zoom for Google Workspace add-on](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360020187492-Using-the-Zoom-for-Google-Workspace-add-on)  Works with the &#x60;private_meeting&#x60; field to determine whether to share details of meetings or not. | [optional] 
**close_registration** | **bool** | Whether to close registration after the event date. This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**cn_meeting** | **bool** | Whether to host the meeting in China (CN). This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**contact_email** | **str** | The contact email address for meeting registration. | [optional] 
**contact_name** | **str** | The contact name for meeting registration. | [optional] 
**email_notification** | **bool** | Whether to send email notifications to [alternative hosts](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/208220166) and [users with scheduling privileges](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362803-Scheduling-privilege). This value defaults to &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to True]
**encryption_type** | **str** | The type of [end-to-end (E2EE) encryption](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360048660871) to use for the meeting.  * &#x60;enhanced_encryption&#x60; - Enhanced encryption. Encryption is stored in the cloud when you enable this option.  * &#x60;e2ee&#x60; - End-to-end encryption. The encryption key is stored on your local device and **cannot** be obtained by anyone else. When you use E2EE encryption, [certain features](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360048660871), such as cloud recording or phone and SIP/H.323 dial-in, are **disabled**. | [optional] 
**focus_mode** | **bool** | Whether to enable the [**Focus Mode** feature](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061113751-Using-focus-mode) when the meeting starts. | [optional] 
**global_dial_in_countries** | **list[str]** | A list of available global dial-in countries. | [optional] 
**host_video** | **bool** | Whether to start meetings with the host video on. | [optional] 
**in_meeting** | **bool** | Whether to host the meeting in India (IN). This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**jbh_time** | **int** | If the value of the &#x60;join_before_host&#x60; field is &#x60;true&#x60;, this field indicates the time limits when a participant can join a meeting before the meeting&#x27;s host.  * &#x60;0&#x60; - Allow the participant to join the meeting at anytime. * &#x60;5&#x60; - Allow the participant to join 5 minutes before the meeting&#x27;s start time. * &#x60;10&#x60; - Allow the participant to join 10 minutes before the meeting&#x27;s start time. | [optional] 
**join_before_host** | **bool** | Whether participants can join the meeting before its host. This field is only used for scheduled meetings (&#x60;2&#x60;) or recurring meetings (&#x60;3&#x60; and &#x60;8&#x60;). This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;.  If the [**Waiting Room** feature](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115000332726-Waiting-Room) is enabled, this setting is **disabled**. | [optional] [default to False]
**language_interpretation** | [**UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsLanguageInterpretation**](UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsLanguageInterpretation.md) |  | [optional] 
**sign_language_interpretation** | [**MeetingsmeetingIdSettingsSignLanguageInterpretation**](MeetingsmeetingIdSettingsSignLanguageInterpretation.md) |  | [optional] 
**meeting_authentication** | **bool** | If true, only [authenticated](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360037117472-Authentication-Profiles-for-Meetings-and-Webinars) users can join the meeting. | [optional] 
**meeting_invitees** | [**list[UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsMeetingInvitees]**](UsersuserIdmeetingsSettingsMeetingInvitees.md) | A list of the meeting&#x27;s invitees. | [optional] 
**mute_upon_entry** | **bool** | Whether to mute participants upon entry. | [optional] [default to False]
**participant_video** | **bool** | Whether to start meetings with the participant video on. | [optional] 
**private_meeting** | **bool** | Whether to set the meeting as private. | [optional] 
**registrants_confirmation_email** | **bool** | Whether to send registrants an email confirmation.  * &#x60;true&#x60; - Send a confirmation email.  * &#x60;false&#x60; - Do not send a confirmation email. | [optional] 
**registrants_email_notification** | **bool** | Whether to send registrants email notifications about their registration approval, cancellation, or rejection.  * &#x60;true&#x60; - Send an email notification. * &#x60;false&#x60; - Do not send an email notification.   Set this value to &#x60;true&#x60; to also use the &#x60;registrants_confirmation_email&#x60; parameter. | [optional] 
**registration_type** | **int** | The meeting&#x27;s registration type.  * &#x60;1&#x60; - Attendees register once and can attend any meeting occurrence.  * &#x60;2&#x60; - Attendees must register for each meeting occurrence.  * &#x60;3&#x60; - Attendees register once and can select one or more meeting occurrences to attend.  This field is only for recurring meetings with fixed times (&#x60;8&#x60;). This value defaults to &#x60;1&#x60;. | [optional] [default to Registration_typeEnum._1]
**show_share_button** | **bool** | Whether to include social media sharing buttons on the meeting&#x27;s registration page. This setting is only applied to meetings with registration enabled. | [optional] 
**use_pmi** | **bool** | Whether to use a [Personal Meeting ID (PMI)](/docs/api/rest/using-zoom-apis/#understanding-personal-meeting-id-pmi) instead of a generated meeting ID. This field is only used for scheduled meetings (&#x60;2&#x60;), instant meetings (&#x60;1&#x60;), or recurring meetings with no fixed time (&#x60;3&#x60;). This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to False]
**waiting_room** | **bool** | Whether to enable the [**Waiting Room** feature](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115000332726-Waiting-Room). If this value is &#x60;true&#x60;, this **disables** the &#x60;join_before_host&#x60; setting. | [optional] 
**watermark** | **bool** | Whether to add a watermark when viewing a shared screen. | [optional] [default to False]
**host_save_video_order** | **bool** | Whether the **Allow host to save video order** feature is enabled. | [optional] 
**alternative_host_update_polls** | **bool** | Whether the **Allow alternative hosts to add or edit polls** feature is enabled. This requires Zoom version 5.8.0 or higher. | [optional] 
**internal_meeting** | **bool** | Whether to set the meeting as an internal meeting. | [optional] [default to False]
**continuous_meeting_chat** | [**MeetingsmeetingIdSettingsContinuousMeetingChat**](MeetingsmeetingIdSettingsContinuousMeetingChat.md) |  | [optional] 
**participant_focused_meeting** | **bool** | Whether to set the meeting as a participant focused meeting. | [optional] [default to False]
**push_change_to_calendar** | **bool** | Whether to push meeting changes to the calendar.    To enable this feature, configure the **Configure Calendar and Contacts Service** in the user&#x27;s profile page of the Zoom web portal and enable the **Automatically sync Zoom calendar events information bi-directionally between Zoom and integrated calendars.** setting in the **Settings** page of the Zoom web portal. * &#x60;true&#x60; - Push meeting changes to the calendar. * &#x60;false&#x60; - Do not push meeting changes to the calendar. | [optional] [default to False]
**resources** | [**list[MeetingsmeetingIdSettingsResources]**](MeetingsmeetingIdSettingsResources.md) | The meeting&#x27;s resources. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

