# UserIdWebinarsBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**agenda** | **str** | Webinar description. | [optional] 
**duration** | **int** | Webinar duration (minutes). Used for scheduled webinars only. | [optional] 
**password** | **str** | Webinar passcode. Passcode may only contain the following characters: [a-z A-Z 0-9 @ - _ * !]. Max of 10 characters.  If **Require a passcode when scheduling new meetings** setting has been **enabled** **and** [locked](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005269866-Using-Tiered-Settings#locked) for the user, the passcode field will be autogenerated for the Webinar in the response even if it is not provided in the API request.           **Note:** If the account owner or the admin has configured [minimum passcode requirement settings](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360033559832-Meeting-and-webinar-passwords#h_a427384b-e383-4f80-864d-794bf0a37604), the passcode value provided here must meet those requirements.         If the requirements are enabled, you can view those requirements by calling the [**Get account settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/ma#operation/accountSettings) API. | [optional] 
**recurrence** | [**RecurrenceWebinar**](RecurrenceWebinar.md) |  | [optional] 
**schedule_for** | **str** | The email address or user ID of the user to schedule a webinar for. | [optional] 
**settings** | [**UsersuserIdwebinarsSettings**](UsersuserIdwebinarsSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**start_time** | **datetime** | Webinar start time. We support two formats for &#x60;start_time&#x60; - local time and GMT.       To set time as GMT the format should be &#x60;yyyy-MM-dd&#x60;T&#x60;HH:mm:ssZ&#x60;.  To set time using a specific timezone, use &#x60;yyyy-MM-dd&#x60;T&#x60;HH:mm:ss&#x60; format and specify the timezone [ID](https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/rest/other-references/abbreviation-lists/#timezones) in the &#x60;timezone&#x60; field OR leave it blank and the timezone set on your Zoom account will be used. You can also set the time as UTC as the timezone field.  The &#x60;start_time&#x60; should only be used for scheduled and / or recurring webinars with fixed time. | [optional] 
**template_id** | **str** | The webinar template ID to schedule a webinar using a [webinar template](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115001079746-Webinar-Templates) or a [admin webinar template](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/8137753618957-Configuring-admin-webinar-templates). For a list of webinar templates, use the [**List webinar templates**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/listWebinarTemplates) API. | [optional] 
**timezone** | **str** | The timezone to assign to the &#x60;start_time&#x60; value. This field is only used for scheduled or recurring webinars with a fixed time.  For a list of supported timezones and their formats, see our [timezone list](https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/rest/other-references/abbreviation-lists/#timezones). | [optional] 
**topic** | **str** | Webinar topic. | [optional] 
**tracking_fields** | [**list[UsersuserIdwebinarsTrackingFields]**](UsersuserIdwebinarsTrackingFields.md) | Tracking fields. | [optional] 
**type** | **int** | Webinar types.  &#x60;5&#x60; - Webinar.    &#x60;6&#x60; - Recurring webinar with no fixed time.    &#x60;9&#x60; - Recurring webinar with a fixed time. | [optional] [default to TypeEnum._5]
**is_simulive** | **bool** | Whether to set the webinar simulive. | [optional] 
**record_file_id** | **str** | The previously recorded file&#x27;s ID for &#x60;simulive&#x60;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

