# WebinarsWebinarIdBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**agenda** | **str** | Webinar description. | [optional] 
**duration** | **int** | Webinar duration, in minutes. Used for scheduled webinar only. | [optional] 
**password** | **str** | [Webinar passcode](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360033559832-Meeting-and-webinar-passwords). By default, passcode may only contain the following characters: [a-z A-Z 0-9 @ - _ * !] and can have a maximum of 10 characters.  **Note:** If the account owner or the admin has configured [minimum passcode requirement settings](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360033559832-Meeting-and-webinar-passwords#h_a427384b-e383-4f80-864d-794bf0a37604), the passcode value provided here must meet those requirements.         If the requirements are enabled, you can view those requirements by calling either the [**Get user settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/userSettings) API or the [**Get account settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/ma#operation/accountSettings) API.   If **Require a passcode when scheduling new meetings** setting has been **enabled** **and** [locked](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005269866-Using-Tiered-Settings#locked) for the user, the passcode field will be autogenerated for the webinar in the response even if it is not provided in the API request. | [optional] 
**schedule_for** | **str** | The user&#x27;s email address or &#x60;userId&#x60; to schedule a webinar for. | [optional] 
**recurrence** | [**WebinarswebinarIdRecurrence**](WebinarswebinarIdRecurrence.md) |  | [optional] 
**settings** | [**WebinarswebinarIdSettings**](WebinarswebinarIdSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**start_time** | **datetime** | Webinar start time, in the format &#x60;yyyy-MM-dd&#x27;T&#x27;HH:mm:ss&#x27;Z&#x27;&#x60;. Should be in GMT time. In the format &#x60;yyyy-MM-dd&#x27;T&#x27;HH:mm:ss&#x60;. This should be in local time and the timezone should be specified. Only used for scheduled webinars and recurring webinars with a fixed time. | [optional] 
**timezone** | **str** | The timezone to assign to the &#x60;start_time&#x60; value. This field is only used for scheduled or recurring webinars with a fixed time.  For a list of supported timezones and their formats, see our [timezone list](https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/rest/other-references/abbreviation-lists/#timezones). | [optional] 
**topic** | **str** | The webinar topic. | [optional] 
**tracking_fields** | [**list[MeetingsmeetingIdTrackingFields]**](MeetingsmeetingIdTrackingFields.md) | Tracking fields. | [optional] 
**type** | **int** | Webinar types.   &#x60;5&#x60; - webinar.    &#x60;6&#x60; - Recurring webinar with no fixed time.    &#x60;9&#x60; - Recurring webinar with a fixed time. | [optional] [default to TypeEnum._5]
**is_simulive** | **bool** | Whether to set the webinar simulive. | [optional] 
**record_file_id** | **str** | The previously recorded file&#x27;s ID for &#x60;simulive&#x60;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

